W-13081267 workday 16.0 (#2299)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: workday/16.0/modules/ROOT/pages/workday-reference.adoc

* <<non-repeatable-stream>> |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  |
| Response Timeout a| Number |  How long Mule waits for a response to complete before the request times out. |  |
| Response Timeout Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit for the *Response Timeout* field. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  Retry strategy for connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Binary
|Attributes Type | <<SoapAttributes>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws

* WORKDAY:BAD_REQUEST
* WORKDAY:CONNECTIVITY
* WORKDAY:PROCESSING_ERROR
* WORKDAY:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* WORKDAY:VALIDATION_ERROR

[[AcaPartnerIntegrations]]
=== Aca Partner Integrations
`<workday:aca-partner-integrations>`

> Invokes the ACA Partner Integrations web service supporting Federal and State reporting operations for ACA partners and vendor integrations that report customer ACA data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invokes the ACA Partner Integrations web service, which supports Federal and State reporting operations for ACA partners and vendor integrations that report customer ACA data.
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Operation a| String |  Type of operation to execute. |  | x
| Content a| Binary |  Payload for the operation. |  `#[payload]` |
| Headers a| Binary |  Headers included in the request. |  |

> | Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  The name of the configuration to be used to execute this component |  | *x*{nbsp}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
```
